Let's go back to our IDE and do exactly that.
Let's implement JPQL queries in our BookRepository.
One query to select all the books ordered by title and
another query counting the number of books.
Okay so here we are in front of the BookRepository.
So let's create these two methods, the first one let's call it findAll,
which will return all books, a list of books.
FindAll doesn't take any parameter,
and the other method that counts the number of books,
so the number of books, it's a Long and the method is called countAll.
Now let's create the JPQL queries.
So we use the Entity Manager to create a query.
This one will return books and then it's just a matter of typing the query,
the JPQL query.
Select b, b being the alias of Book, ordered by b.
title, title being the attribute of the Book entity.
This query returns a TypedQuery of type Book,
let's call it query, and to get the result of this query,
because it returns several lines, we do query.
getResultList and return it.
For the countAll, it's more or less the same thing.
So we take the Entity Manager to create a query,
this time it will return a Long, the number of books,
and we type the query, select count b, and again,
b being the alias for Books, so select all the books and count them.
And that will also retype a TypedQuery,
but this time of type Long because what we want is the number of books.
Query.
getSingleResult instead of resultList because it only returns one number.
Here we are. We can scroll up a little bit to have a better look at our BookRepository.